If as a manager you really don't like communicating with people,
well you're probably in the wrong job.
That is, a management job.
So please remember the best managers always communicate.
Gallup defines engaged employees as those who are involved in and
enthusiastic about their work and workplace.
And engaged employees are in fact productive and effective employees.
Now let's see how engagement and communication are connected.
Communication is often the basis of any healthy relationship,
including the one between you as a manager and your team.
So Gallup in its research has found that consistent communication,
whether it occurs in person, over the phone or electronically,
is related to higher employee engagement.
For example,
employees who managers hold even just regular meetings with them are almost
three times as likely to be engaged employees than those who have managers
who do not hold regular meetings with them,
as determined by a Gallup study.
So great managers, such as yourself,
will have the talent to motivate employees and build
genuine and solid relationships with them.
Those who are not well suited for the job will likely be
uncomfortable with this soft aspect of management.
The best managers understand that each person they manage is different,
is unique.
Each person has different successes and challenges,
both at work and actually away from work as well.
By knowing your employees first as people,
managers can accommodate their employees uniqueness and diversity
while leading their team toward higher productivity.
If you are finding this module intriguing or challenging,
please check out one of my other Pluralsight courses Leadership and
Communication Skills for Software Engineers where I do a complete deep
dive on many of the topics in this module. Okay, next, closing thoughts.